V0.1.17:
    fixes:
        fixed reclaim target crash upon losing all ships in fleet.
        fixed the possibility of fighters having reclaim stats (please dont ask)
        made it so cooldown skills recharge when a ship has zero reclaim.
        fixed issue with base build time being hard coded for simulacrum fighter wings
        removed the now defunct 'fabricator dp override' in mastery settings. please use the one in reclaim settings instead.
        fixed Thorough Salvaging maybe adding supplys to give later when reclaim is gained in the simulation
    balance:
        Decentralized Swarm Production && Defensive Swarms now charge even when no reclaim is available.
V0.1.16:
    fixes:
        Centralized Production now keeps in mind 'desperate messures' cost effects when deciding how mush reclaim to hold.
        Thorough Salvaging: fixed not gaining supplies on retreat, or in multiple back to back battle conditions.
    balance:
        Desperate Messures now apples a reclaim speed / cost effect when past 2000 reclaim, or twice the cost of your highest cost skill:
            +10% speed per 1000 reclaim past this point.
            +2.5% cost per 1000 reclaim past this point
    new
        Thorough Salvaging now displays a small message showing how many supplies you received when added directly to the players inventory.
    settings:
        Thorough Salvaging settings for allowing supply gain message, on 'looted' and 'added' supply's separately.
    started some preparation for the quest.
V0.1.15:
    balance:
        Arma Armatura(mod)
            made it so Constant Repairs, Scrapwork Microforge & Desprate Messures CR regeneration no longer appy when a strikecraft is landed (because the things they effect will be repaired anyways)
        Scrapwork Microforge:
            adjusted 'time between ammo checks' for not player piloted ships 3 -> 1
            time small  60 -> 45
            time mid    90 -> 75
            time large  120 -> 105
    fixes:
        made it so every single ship is not checking every single tick to make sure the right listeners are active.
        fixed Scrapwork Microforge broken randomization when choosing what weapon to rearm
        fixed Scrapwork Microforge being unable to partly refill ammo.
        mastery interface slightly changed so you can see the ships scrollbars now
    new:
        added a small animation to Constant Repairs. No settings yet.
    changes:
        changed the name of the mod from abyssal XO to 'Second In Command: Fragments Of Stolen Power'
V0.1.14:
    settings:
        added Constant Repairs settings.
        added settings for enabling/disabling nano-thief for normal NPCs and Threat
        added settings to change the odds of a giving skill with threat.
V0.1.13:
    fixes:
        fixed Scrapwork Microforge not showing the right reclaim cost of the next use.
        fixed mastery and simulacrum fighter wing crash
V0.1.12:
    safety overrides (mod):
        (hopefully) Constant Repairs should work slightly better now (less computer resources used).
    balance:
        Scrapwork Microforge:
            time small  30 -> 60
            time mid    60 -> 90
            time large  90 -> 120
            base cost small 0 -> 50
            base cost small 0 -> 70
            base cost small 0 -> 90
            min opp for cost calculation 1 -> 0
        Offencive swarms:
            dp per fighter 10 -> 8
            dp per fighter per op 0 -> 0.4
    changes:
        changed the Scrapwork Microforge animation color slightly.
    fixes:
        fixed Offencive swarms interface using the cost for defensive swarm wings.
V0.1.11:
    fixes:
        fixed crash when politing a ship with mo limited ammo weapons well having the Scrapwork Microforge skill
    balance:
        made it so built in weapons are uneffected by Scrapwork Microforge
V0.1.10:
    balance:
        Scrapwork Microforge:
            refills first: larger -> random
            now refills weapons before they run out of ammo. (with a proportional cost in time and reclaim)
            cost small  10 -> 30
            cost mid    20 -> 40
            cost large  30 -> 50
            time small  15 -> 30
            time mid    30 -> 60
            time large  45 -> 90
    fixes:
        Scrapwork Microforge:
            fixed some wepons that didnt have limited ammow counting as limited ammo weapons
    new:
        added a small animation for Scrapwork Microforge
    settings:
        added settings for the animation in Scrapwork Microforge. This will be removed later once I get this sorted.
V0.1.9:
    safety overrides (mod):
        (hopefully) improved Scrapwork Microforge interface when more then one of this skill is picked.
    fixes:
        created reclaim now 'adds' to a swarm mush faster (so it can actually reach the current size)
        fixed a bug were reclaim swarm size was always equal to reclaim value
        (hopefully) fixed centralized productions broken reclaim targeting.
        fixed reclaim getting confused and following different reclaim going in a direction that its not going.
    balance:
        reclaim:
            swarm size per reclaim 0.005 -> 0.001
        mastery:
            mastery construction swarm size multi 4 -> 2
        Scrapwork Microforge:
            refills first: smaller -> larger
            cost now scales with ammo increasing effects
    interface:
        improved Scrapwork Microforge interface a lot
    settings:
        added settings for Scrapwork Microforge
V0.1.8:
    safety overrides (mod):
        (hopefully) made Thorough Salvaging's work with this.
    fixes:
        fixed a crash when pressing f2 on a ship created by mastery or a threat fabricator
        hopefully improved the efficacy of the 'find SCData' eq for mastery and threat fabricator ships
    settings:
        moved the fabricator mastery cost override into reclaim settings. Now also effects reclaim gained.
        added settings for reclaim swarm size
        added settings for construction swarm size multi (compared to a reclaim swarm holding the same amount.)
        simulacrum fighter wing base cost now can now go down to 0.
        added settings for Thorough Salvaging
    balance:
        mastery:
            cost per dp 200 -> 250
            base reclaim cost 0 -> 500
            base recharge time 0 -> 20
            base build time 0 -> 5
            reclaim gained from mastery ships 50% -> 20%
            (effectively, each ships acts like its 2 dp more then it really is for mastery calculations)
            (mastery reclaim value change was to make 'swarm tactics' a bit harder to do)
        reclaim:
            fabricator reclaim value is now the same as its mastery build value
            reclaim members per reclaim 0.01 -> 0.005
            reclaim members base 20 -> 5
            (This was done to give threat just a bit less fragments from reclaim swarms. it was kinda silly looking)
        Simulacrum fighter wings:
            base cost 20 -> 40
            base build time 0 -> 10
            changed default wing from talon -> warthog

V0.1.7:
    safety overrides (mod):
        (hopefully) fixed Scrapy Fortification not working at all
        (hopefully) improved Scrapy Fortification interface when more then one of this skill is picked.
    Scrapy Fortification:
        changed the animation color to be slightly more threat
        added a sound copied directly from the dampener field system
        fixed slightly broken UI (built before desperate messures, so a cooldown in seconds made sense)
    fixes:
        fixed mastery spawning ships for the player when it was not suppose to.
        fixed mastery not using modified cost. (should only come up when using safety override mod)
        fixed Simulacrum ships and fighter wings getting the second in command effects from the first fleet to spawn one instead of the fleet that created them
        fixed ships spawned from mastery ships being unable to create the 'reclaim creation effect' like other ships
    threat:
        created a system that forces ships spawned by fabricators to get second in command ability's and skills.
V0.1.6:
    safety overrides (mod):
        (hopefully) improved defensive swarms in combat display.
        (hopefully) when multiple defensive swarm skills are picked, all swarms contribute to the same 'ship pool', instead of separate ones.
        (hopefully) when multiple decentralized swarm production skills are picked, the max number of swarms is increased.
        (hopefully) improved decentralized swarm production in combat interface when more then one of this skill is picked
        balance:
            Centralized Production skill stacking now increases reclaim efficacy, but not refining speed. [because why else would you pick this skill more then once]
    fixes:
        (hope)fixed centralized production reclaim target crash
        fixed broken centralized fabricator s-mod bonus (now provides 5% bonus reclaim)
        fixed Decentralized Swarm Production and Defensive Swarms 'speed settings' resalting in instantly built fighters if set past 2.
    balance:
        defensive swarms:
            speed increase: mothership + 50 -> mothership + 100
            acceleration increase: mothership + 10 -> mothership + 50
        Scrapy Fortification:
            damage resisted per reclaim 100 -> 50
    settings:
        added centralized fabricator s-mod bonus
        simulacrum fighter build speed can now be reduced to zero. zero build speed will instantly build simulacrum fighter wings.
        added settings for Scrapy Fortification
V0.1.5:
    internal:
        prepared data for a future were I can, for example, have multiple of the same skills over multiple executive officers, and they would stack.
        -note: not going to go down this root right now. because apparently, that is not what
    safety overrides (mod):
        (hopefully) fixed multiple desperate measures not working
        (hopefully) fixed centralized production not working
        (hopefully) improved mastery's in combat interface for instances were more then one is active.
    balance:
        Centralized Production:
            now forges at 100 + (50 * (unrefined / 1000)) reclaim a second.
            this was to make things a bit less confusing. also, to keep the speed of reclaim reasonable.
    settings:
        added settings for Centralized Production
        added settings for Defensive Swarms
        added settings for Decentralized Swarm Production
V0.1.4:
    mastery interface:
        fixed some issues with the scrollbar going wayyy to far.
    balance:
        reclaim:
            all ships now start combat with 10 * skills * deployment point reclaim
            base reclaim value of a ship is now ship dp * skills * 25
            multisectional ships ship sections should now give 10% of the reclaim value of its parent ship (stacking per module destroyed).
        mastery:
            reclaim value 75% -> 50% of cost
    reason:
        I have found that this skill can be basically worthless on some fights. starting reclaim has been my solution. It is not mush. at all. but its something.
        I have found that smaller ships have been giving a lot of reclaim compaired to larger more powerful ships. This issue is even worse in fights with very powerful, very efferent ships.
    fixes:
        mostly fixed some issues with Mastery interface scrollbars
        fixed Scrapy Fortification applying its effects to modules permanently
        fixed simulacrum ships giving to mush reclaim
    settings:
        added settings for reclaim gain stats.
V0.1.3:
    mastery interface:
        fixed broken mastery display on some ui scaling settings.
        added an escape and enter hotkey, for ease of use.
    prep work:
        started working on the code that will handle multiple instances of nano-thief in the same fleet. for people with that one very spooky mod.
        note: not yet working probably a bit buggy. Will be working on it as I go.
V0.1.2:
    settings:
        added in a new setting to override fabricator cost for mastery (they were op as hell otherwise)
        added settings for desperate measures
    debugging:
        added some logs to the mastery interface to help find issues.
    fixes:
        removed a number of useless files.
        fixed broken centralized fabricator selection code
        hopefully added some protection to automatically exit the dialog if you fail to load mastery.
    balance:
        desperate measures:
            missing cr base speed bonus -> 1% -> 10%
            missing cr base cost increase -> 0.25% -> 2.5%
            overload speed bonus -> 10% -> 100%
            overload cost increase -> 2.5% -> 25%
    the reason for the changes is because the missing hull part of this equation seemed to give a crazy bonus compaired to the rest of it. (at 200% speed and 50% cost at 0% hull). that feels great, but it should not be the only thing this does...
V0.1.1:
    fixed ashlib dependency.
    maybe fixed a issue with hostiles having a central fabricator? maybe? I dont know...
V0.1.0:
    new:
        reclaim stored in ships is now added to newly created reclaim packages when the ship dies. (split between forces if a 'reclaim battle' is going on)
    balance changes:
        now reclaim is 200/400/600/800 per skill. So the same reclaim at max level, but less reclaim at lower levels.
        reclaim will now treat ships as though they are 1 distance farther away for every 5 reclaim in storge when cosing what ship to travel to.
        reclaim packages reduced sight to 10% of what it was
        reclaim packages in 'combat' mode will switch back to 'reclaim' mode if a valid target for reclaim is found
        removed armaa armada strickcraft from being exempt from receiving reclaim. You can enable it if you want that to be restricted in the data/config/settings file.
        reclaim now 'locks onto' a target when in range, so gathering reclaim should be a bit easier for faster / smaller ships
        reclaim gather time 2 -> 3 seconds.
    changed entier skill try:
        'Overcharged' ->            'Constant Repairs' (repair hull at the cost of Reclaim)
        'Mass Manufacturing' ->     'Scrapwork Microforge' (regenerate ammo for limited ammo weapons at a reclaim cost)
        'Longevity' ->              'Thorough Salvaging' (bonus salvage and supplies for reclaim)
        'Advanced Installation' ->  'Scrapy Fortification' (95% damage resistance well taking considerable damage.)
        (X)'Quality Checks' ->         '' (I still have not desided on this, but I know this requires more diverse skills to really be interesting. its at the edge now.)
        'Prepared Deployment' ->    'Offencive Fighter Construction'
        'Centralized Logistics' ->  'Defensive Fighter Construction'
        'Desperate Measures' ->     'Centralized Logistics' (changed to increase the amount of reclaim available after a production process.)
        'Efficient Production' ->   'Desperate Measures'
        -new skill- ->              'Mastery' (in combat starship creation (like threat) (but worse in every way because we are not threat))
    graphics and effects:
        reclaim packages now get bigger depending on the amount of reclaim inside of them. at max level, reclaim packages are 30,40,50,60 in size. at min level, they are 22,24,26,28 in size. (from 40 size flat.)
    fixes:
        reclaim can now follow arma armada strickcraft when docked.
        simulacrum fighters now benefit from SIC officers.
        simulacrum fighters bombers are no longer completely broken and will return to a friendly ship when they need to
    settings:
        started to work on lunasettings. so that one person that really really wanted to beable to create capitals with mastery can.
        only mastery is done for now.
V0.0.7:
    fixes:
        fixed 'threat' creating 2 - 6 times as many reclaim swarms as they should when they die
        fixed 'threat' not spawning with the 'Nano-Thief' XO.
        fixed multiple crashes related to none player forces having the 'Nano-Thief' XO.
        (hopefully) fixed all bugs related to missing fighter LCPs after selecting what fighter LCP to use.
        fixed a bug were simulacrum fighter wings were not effected by fighter effecting skills.
V0.0.6:
    balance:
        changed the 'Centralized Logistics' skill to increase speed by 10% per 1000 -> 5% per 1000
V0.0.5
    fixes:
        fixed a random crash.
V0.0.4
    fixes:
        fixed fighter wings randomly being very nebelus.
    added a fighter wing animation. it kinda just happened.
    maybe broke the fact that fighter wings are not suppose to benefit from fighter wing buffs from second in command maybe who knows?!?!
V0.0.3
    fixes / crash protection:
        added protection to prevent some wings from crashing the games. the resalts can be quite nebelus, so please report issues in regards to creating fighters.
V0.0.2
    buffed the Simulacrum Fighter Wings base stats as follows:
        -10% defenses from -20% defenses
        -5% damage from -10%
    buffed 'Centralized Production' to what it should have been
        +10% production speed per 1000 reclaim from +5%